chore(docs): update pulumi provider related docs (#4261)
garden-io/garden: docs/pulumi-plugin/about.md

Garden includes an experimental Pulumi plugin that wraps the Pulumi CLI. This way, you can incorporate Pulumi stacks into your Garden project with minimal extra configuration. The benefits of using this plugin include:
* Leveraging Garden's dependency semantics with your Pulumi stacks.

>   * For example, Kubernetes deploy actions can depend on infrastructure deployed with Pulumi (and access stack outputs via the `${actions.deploy.[pulumi-deploy-action-name].outputs})` key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For example, Kubernetes actions can depend on infrastructure deployed with Pulumi (and access stack outputs via the `${actions.deploy.[pulumi-deploy-action-name].outputs})` key).
```

Don't have to limit yourself to only kubernetes deploys, kubernetes-pod or kubernetes-exec test/run actions could also depend on pulumi deploys

The Pulumi plugin can optionally make use of stack tags to implement fast service status checks, which can be a major boost to performance when deploying projects containing several Pulumi stacks.

Finally, the plugin defines several plugin-specific commands that let you run Pulumi commands in one or more Pulumi deploy actions _in dependency order_ (which can be very useful for projects with several Pulumi stacks).

## Deploying your Pulumi stacks

> Once you've got your Pulumi deploy action configured, it will be deployed when you run `garden deploy` in your project; just like any other Garden service!

Reviewer: I think you're more thorough on the pulumi implementation by now, but couldn't this be plural:
```suggestion
Once you've got your Pulumi deploy actions configured, they will be deployed when you run `garden deploy` in your project; just like any other Garden deploy!
```
or it never makes sense to have multiple pulumi deploys?

Either way, you have service in there which is now just a deploy
```suggestion
Once you've got your Pulumi deploy action configured, it will be deployed when you run `garden deploy` in your project; just like any other Garden deploy!
```

* `reimport`
Each of the above wraps the pulumi command with the same name, except for `reimport` (which wraps `pulumi export | pulumi import`—a workflow that's occasionally needed).

> By default, each command runs for every pulumi deploy action in the project. Each plugin command also accepts an optional list of pulumi module names as CLI arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, each command runs for every pulumi deploy action in the project. Each plugin command also accepts an optional list of pulumi deploy action names as CLI arguments.
```
